# Portfolio
Contains some of the programs I've written over the years. I do not use AI in my projects. ToC sections are organized by date.

## Table of Contents
- [Portfolio](#portfolio)
- [Portfolio Projects](#portfolio-projects)
  - [Oh, Snap!](#oh-snap)
  - [Python Class Projects](#python-class-projects)
  - [Unix](#unix)
  - [IoT Simulator](#iot-simulator)
- [External Respository Projects](#external-respository-projects)
  - [Parser](#parser)
  - [Web Development](#web-development)
  - [Agricultural IoT and Blockchain](#agricultural-iot-and-blockchain)
  - [Nine Men's Morris](#nine-mens-morris)
- [Documentation](#documentation)
  - [TensorFlow to Enhance OS Platform Security](#tensorflow-to-enhance-os-platform-security)
  - [Vertex K-Labeling System](#vertex-k-labeling-system)
  - [Agricultural IoT Devices on the Cloud](#agricultural-iot-devices-on-the-cloud)
- [Current Work?](#current-work)

# Portfolio Projects

## Oh, Snap!
[Quick link to Oh_Snap.](https://github.com/raspberrymilkyway/Portfolio/tree/main/Oh_Snap) Made in 2019.

A Python v2.7 text adventure game I made with some friends back in our final year of high school. You play as a character on the run from the "sinister" Mr. Davis, attempting to collect trinkets scattered around a school building in order to escape. Really a love letter to our high school as it was when we graduated.

## Python Class Projects
[Quick link to PythonClassProjects.](https://github.com/raspberrymilkyway/Portfolio/tree/main/PythonClassProjects) Made in 2021.

Python 3.x projects that I made as an undergraduate for class, specifically the set I found the most fun to make. There's only four, and two of them are games while the other two are Turtle drawings. Samples of the images drawn are included.

## UNIX
[Quick link to UNIX.](https://github.com/raspberrymilkyway/Portfolio/tree/main/UNIX) Made in 2022.

Two CSV files, a Bash program I wrote comparing and handling the two, and a writeup (in both docx and pdf form; the pdf form is literally just the docx exported, even though it was uploaded several years after the project was complete) discussing the differences. The goal was to attempt to replicate R data handling using native shell scripting. I was not particularly successful. This project was created for an undergraduate UNIX class, as a final project for which I picked the topic.

## IoT Simulator
[Quick link to iotSimulator.](https://github.com/raspberrymilkyway/Portfolio/tree/main/iotSimulator) Made in 2024.

Python 3.x files. This is part of a larger project that I worked on as a graduate, but I wanted it separated out so other folks can use it as a base if they need. It generates junk IoT data in one file, filters through the generated in another, and is run by the third. I ran through basic simulations on AWS and Azure to get a feel for the sorts of data generated by IoT devices, then generated and handled similar data. The rest of this project can be found in another GitHub repository, found under the [Agricultural IoT and Blockchain](#agricultural-iot-and-blockchain) subsection.

# External Respository Projects

## Parser
[Link to parser respository.](https://github.com/raspberrymilkyway/parser) Made in 2021.

A project that parses Python 3.x files using ANTLR, created for an upper level undergraduate course. The only files present are a sample test code, a README, and the grammar I wrote (.g4) to parse through the Python. It only parses through individual lines of code; I did not figure out how to get it working on whole files (nor indentations) at the time. This does have a demo video.
 
## Web Development
[Link to WebDev repository.](https://github.com/raspberrymilkyway/WebDev) Made in 2021.

Projects I made during my first web development class as an undergrad. They do require a server to run. I did not unnest the folders from how they were to be submitted, so the final project and the AJAX project are both visible, but within nested folders in the AJAX several other projects I created can be found. The AJAX project displayed NASA images of Mars; the final project is a browser-based game I made.

## Agricultural IoT and Blockchain
[Link to blockchain-project.](https://github.com/raspberrymilkyway/blockchain-project) Made in 2024.

The title of this project is "Agricultural IoT and Blockchain: A Tomato's Journey from the Field to Supply" in full.

A blockchain project I developed as a graduate, focusing on the use of IoT devices in a standard agricultural setting. Designed to run as a local blockchain network, it allows a user to track the amount of chemicals used at a designated location on a farm, such that a food supply chain has better transparency around the chemicals used on its food. It leverages a Solidity smart contract I wrote to do so, but the bulk of the coding is in JS. Comes with a frontend, but the frontend requires you to have the browser extension MetaMask installed. The frontend actually isn't necessary to run or interact with the blockchain network; it's just a convenient user interface.

## Nine Men's Morris
[Link to Nine-Mens-Morris.](https://github.com/Advanced-Software-Engineering-UMKC/Nine-Mens-Morris) Made in 2024.

A Python 3.x project my team and I developed during our graduate programs. It simulates a Nine Men's Morris game, which is vaguely similar to checkers. It's a complete game, as far as we could find from the rules on the Wikipedia page, and it has numerous tests. I wrote some of the frontend board logic, but the bulk of my contribution can be found in testing.

# Documentation

## TensorFlow to Enhance OS Platform Security
[Link to TensorFlow to Enhance OS Platform Security paper.](https://drive.google.com/file/d/15Eh0dIRogdDocYlq_9DZXG3vXEn9WoQh/) Written in 2023.

The title of this paper is "The Use of Machine Learning Techniques to Enhance OS Platform Security" in full.

This document is a formal paper written for my graduate-level operating systems course, using LaTeX. It discusses the machine learning platform TensorFlow and its potential uses in protecting Android OS devices, PCs, and IoT devices. This is a literature review.

## Vertex K-Labeling System
[Link to Vertex K-Labeling System documentation.](https://drive.google.com/file/d/15UwYi-Egc_SFUcpV0Xb6q4IjYDtKqenO/) Written in 2024.

This document was one I wrote for a group project. The third problem (N branches with Centroid Vertex) is entirely my work, while the other two were completed by others in my group. The goal was to take various homogeneous star graphs and label their vertices; the third problem in particular asked us to do this with any number of branches. At the time of submitting the assignment, I believed I had succeeded in finding a solution, but I later found that it didn't work for sufficiently large and even values of k.

## Agricultural IoT Devices on the Cloud
[Link to Cloud-based Agricultural IoT Devices paper.](https://drive.google.com/file/d/13pWGaPjp-s3ozB-nWThdv_GNnYI_-TpS/) Written in 2024.

The title of this paper is "A Look Into How Well Agricultural IoT Devices Might Run" in full.

This document is a formal paper created for a graduate-level cloud computing course I took. It contains a literature review of recent (within 1 year) journal publications, as well as an experiment to look at how feasible uploading IoT data to the cloud would be from a rural location. This project sparked my blockchain one, but there's far less code involved as it involved testing Google Cloud.

# Current Work?

Since last year, I've been working with a friend on developing a game in C# and Unity. We both scripted it, I am coding it, and they are handling the art and modeling. I've also developed an invoicing system for a subcontractor in my community, and I've been working towards getting certifications.
